Hello,

I am submitting my resume for consideration for either the
Scientist II or III positions in the Platform Systems group
(req# 00069055/00069054).  The job description aligns well with
both my technical interests and desired work environment.  I tend
to work best in a research oriented setting where, as part of a
team, I can explore, develop, and promote emerging technologies.

The job description noted "System analysis, modeling, and
generation tools" and "FPGA architectures and development tools";
I have a fairly extensive background in both.  Currently at
Medtronic I am leading a research effort to automatically compile 
behavioral models to RTL for FPGA and ASIC implementations.
The "Atom" compiler I have developed (http://funhdl.org/) may
provide a way for our firmware engineers to implement system
features directly in silicon to improve performance and power
consumption, while reducing verification effort in Medtronic's
line of implantable cardiac devices.  Prior to my career at
Medtronic, I have developed several other system modeling and
FPGA design tools.  One example is the Confluence design language,
for which I was recognized by Intel's Strategic CAD Labs.

Though I have yet to conduct research in this field, I do have a
strong interest in dependable real-time, fault-tolerant systems.
One area in particular is compilation for distributed control
networks.  Specifically, automatically mapping a control algorithm
across multiple processing nodes to meet availability and
integrity safety requirements.  My experience developing flight
control software at Honeywell leads me to believe such automation
could improve the productivity of safety critical system design.

Please contact me to schedule an interview.  I would also be happy
to come in to present an overview of the Atom compiler -- minus any
proprietary Medtronic material, of course.

Thank you for the consideration.

Sincerely,




Tom Hawkins

952-200-3790
tomahawkins@gmail.com

